it's baseball
he's been
as bleak
those b's brahms
this
is because
there's been
a
is baseball
it's basically
a poem
it's been
this
way
that
is big
it's b
this beach
is because this
is bob
wills bass
he's been
very close but
there's been
a problem
with
the piano player
it's b
it's beans
as bell
it's been
this busy
as beans
but
ms brock
it's been
fb
pics by
half but
this because
it's been
right
they
do
ms babb
right
and
he's back
with
this band
it's being
in
the polls
but
it's bad
here's baek
it's been
in the press but
it's being
the
next bing
crosby
has been
as bad
as because
it's been
it's because
it's being
obese being
is because
the pay
is better
he's been
a state he's been
has been
has been it's been
nice but
is busy
week
thanks bob
the panel says because
that's because
he's bright
that's behind
it
has been
success
it is being
depleted
the plant
is booming
it's been
years
that
there's burns
it's been
her
baby
it's
morning
edition
it's beans
oh yeah
say
it
was built
to be
this is big
mac
there's been
the purpose be
ms bauer
says because
it
has been
here is bleak
fbi
has been
leaks big
data
it's bleak
nice boy
who
think
it's beneath
us
he's been
doing this
mm
hmm
thank you
he did
so are
the polls be
it
as billy
he's been
it
is
it's very simple
there's
this big
part
it
says
the peak
my
name
is
this
nikos bed
and right
now
the
law
now
it's back
ms babb right
since
that
day
oh
yeah
that's
it
there is
it's been
that
way
i
know
the fbi
ms briar
has been
nice
job
when
owen
was
for
as bell
there is
it's
a
it's b
the path
the
fbi
it
is
oh
yeah
the court
he's bright
speaker
has been oh
yeah
oh
boy
right
all right
it's b
ms babb
right so there's bb
there's been a lot more consideration
abortion
it
was both
i'm here
his bar
is because